[14.0][ADD] account_invoice_purchase_picking_selection: New module to auto-… (#1948)
OCA/account-invoicing: account_invoice_purchase_picking_selection/README.rst

    :target: https://github.com/OCA/account-invoicing/tree/14.0/account_invoice_purchase_picking_selection
    :alt: OCA/account-invoicing
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/account-invoicing-14-0/account-invoicing-14-0-account_invoice_purchase_picking_selection
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/account-invoicing&target_branch=14.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

Autocomplete invoices lines by selecting the receptions originating from a purchase order.

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Usage
=====

- Create some storable products and set the `Control Policy` to `On received quantities`.
- Create a purchase order with the previously created storable products.
- Confirm the purchase order
- Receive the products
- Go to `Invoicing > Vendors > Bills`
- Create a new bill
- Select the picking in the `Auto-Complete from Picking` field

> - The invoice lines will be automatically filled with the products from the picking, but with the quantity pending to be invoiced from the purchase order.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The invoice lines will be automatically filled with the product quantities from the picking.
```
